
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle."- Abraham Lincoln
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy."- Tony Robbins
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse."- Florence Nightingale
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in."- Napoleon Bonaparte
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile."- Roger Staubach
"Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly."- Stephen R. Covey
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it."- Maya Angelou
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."- Pablo Picasso
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed."- Ray Goforth
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear."- Jack Canfield
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it."- Dennis P. Kimbro
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."- C.S. Lewis
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it – teach yourself to be impatient."- Gurbaksh Chahal
"The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers."- M. Scott Peck
"For most of life, nothing wonderful happens. If you don’t enjoy getting up and working and finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends, then the chances are you’re not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job, huge amounts of money, a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to Paris, that person isn’t going to be happy much of the time.If, on the other hand, happiness depends on a good breakfast, flowers in the yard, a drink or a nap, then we are more likely to live with quite a bit of happiness."- Andy Rooney
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world."- Lucille Ball
"We become what we think about."- Earl Nightingale
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well."- Diane Ackerman
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings."- Lao Tzu
"The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it."- Marcus Aurelius
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability."- Harry F. Banks
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you."- Mary Lou Retton
"Don’t wait. The time will never be just right."- Napoleon HillMonday Motivation Quote by Confucius
"It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop."- Confucius
"Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up."- Unknown
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough."-  Og Mandino
"When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure."- Peter MarshallMonday Motivation Quote by Henry David Thoreau
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals."- Henry David Thoreau
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better."- Samuel Beckett
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit."- Conrad Hilton
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone."- Neale Donald Walsh
"When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise."- Oscar Wilde
"Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism."- David M. Burns
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."- Thomas Jefferson
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door."- Milton Berle
"You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable."- Deepak Chopra
"Dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks."- Elbert Hubbard
"The past has no power over the present moment.”- Eckhart TolleMonday Motivation Quote by Unknown
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others."- Unknown
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams."- Les Brown
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds."- Orison Swett Marden
"Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination."- Mae Jemison
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, ‘Wow, that was an adventure,' not, ‘Wow, I sure felt safe.'"- Tom Preston-Werner
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter."- Francis Chan
"Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent."- Calvin Coolidge
"It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts."- Robert H. Schuller
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too."- Paulo Coelho
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover."- Mark Twain
"A year from now you may wish you had started today."- Karen Lamb
"To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children… to leave the world a better place… to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don’t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don’t have forever."- Leo Buscaglia